[Enterprise] Add requirement information (Jan 2021 release) (#599)
sider/sider-docs: docs/enterprise/releases/202101.md

# Sider Enterprise Release Note in January 2021

## PLEASE CHECK GitHub Enterprise Server Version

> Sider requires GitHub Enterprise Server `2.22` or later from these releases. Please ask the administrator of your GitHub Enterprise Server if you don't know its version.

Reviewer: * How about using the term "Sider Enterprise"?
* How about replacing "ask" with "make sure ... updated"?

```suggestion
Sider Enterprise requires GitHub Enterprise Server `2.22` or later from these releases. Please make sure your GitHub Enterprise Server is updated to the compatible version.
```

Note I used the word "compatible" instead of "supported" because "supported" might be confusing; "supported" by whom: GitHub, Sider?

Author: Thanks. It makes the document more clear. fix: ac7a134a89b3dba4d824b9eabe63bc1ba057c7ac
